1.tasks = (Task *)realloc(tasks, (length +1) * sizeof(Task));


What is Happening Here?

    tasks:
        This is a variable that holds the list of all tasks. It's a pointer to an array of Task structures.

    realloc Function:
        realloc stands for "reallocate". It is used to change the size of the memory block that tasks points to.
        It helps you add more space if you need to store more tasks.

    Why (length + 1) * sizeof(Task)?:
        length: This keeps track of how many tasks are currently in the list.
        length + 1: We add 1 because we want to add one more task.
        sizeof(Task): This tells us how much memory one Task structure takes up. sizeof is a way to find out the size (in bytes) of a data type.
        So, (length + 1) * sizeof(Task) calculates the total memory size needed for the current tasks plus one additional task.

    Putting It All Together:
        realloc(tasks, (length + 1) * sizeof(Task)) tries to resize the memory allocated for tasks.
        If successful, it will return a pointer to the new memory location, which will be larger and able to hold one more task.
        We then store this new pointer back in tasks.

    Casting to (Task *):
        The result of realloc is a void * (a generic pointer). By casting it to (Task *), we tell the compiler that this pointer is 
        specifically for Task structures.
        This ensures that the program knows how to handle the data in this memory.

Simple Example

Imagine you have a box that can hold 3 toys (tasks).

    Initially: You have a box that holds 3 toys. That's your current memory.
    Adding a toy: You want to add a 4th toy.
    Using realloc: You tell the box to make room for 4 toys. So, you change the size of the box to hold one more toy.
    Result: Now you have a box that can hold 4 toys, and you can put your new toy inside!

Final Summary

So, the line tasks = (Task *)realloc(tasks, (length + 1) * sizeof(Task)); is:

    Changing the size of the tasks list to make space for one more task.
    Storing the updated size back in tasks so you can now add the new task.







2. tasks[length].task = (char *)malloc(strlen(task) + 1);

What is Happening Here?

    tasks[length]:
        This refers to the specific task at position length in the tasks array.
        We are accessing the Task structure that is about to be added to the list.

    .task:
        This is accessing the task part of the Task structure, which is where we 
        will store the name of the task (like "Do homework").

    strlen(task):
        strlen is a function that calculates the length of the string in task. 
        For example, if task is "Do homework", strlen(task) would return 10 because 
        there are 10 characters in that string.

    + 1:
        We add 1 to the length because we need extra space for the null terminator ('\0'), 
        which marks the end of a string in C. Without this, we wouldn't be able to 
        tell where the string ends.
        So, if strlen(task) is 10, we actually need 11 bytes of memory.

    malloc(...):
        malloc stands for "memory allocation". It reserves a block of memory 
        of the specified size and returns a pointer to the beginning of that memory.
        Here, we are asking for enough memory to store the task name plus the null terminator.

    Casting to (char *):
        The result of malloc is a generic pointer (void *), which can point to any data type. 
        By casting it to (char *), we tell the compiler that this pointer will specifically 
        hold characters (a string).

Simple Example

Imagine you want to write a name on a piece of paper:

    Getting the Length: You measure how long the name is. If the name is "Alice", it’s 5 letters long.
    Adding Space: You need a bit of extra space to put a dot at the end (the null terminator).
    Allocating Memory: You get a new piece of paper that is big enough to hold 6 letters 
    (5 for the name and 1 for the dot).
    Storing the Name: Now you can write "Alice" on that paper.

Final Summary

So, the line tasks[length].task = (char *)malloc(strlen(task) + 1); is:

    Creating a new space in memory to store the name of the task.
    Reserving enough memory for the task name plus the space for the null terminator.
    Assigning that memory space to the task part of the specific task at position length.





3.  strcpy(tasks[length].task, task);

What is Happening Here?

    strcpy Function:
        strcpy stands for "string copy". It's a function that copies one string into another.

    tasks[length].task:
        This refers to the task part of the Task structure at index length in the tasks array.
        This is where we want to store the name of the task.

    tasks:
        copying the string that represents the task you want to add
       


Simple Example

Think of this like writing a name on a piece of paper:

    You have a blank piece of paper (where tasks[length].task is).
    You want to write "Do homework" on it (this is the string you have in task).
    Using strcpy, you would take the string "Do homework" and put it on that blank piece of paper.

Final Summary

The correct line strcpy(tasks[length].task, task); means:

    Copy the string that represents the current task (from the task variable) 
    into the task part of the specific task at index length.

This will ensure that the name of the task is stored correctly.